SublimeText/README.md, before:

# Syntax Highlighting, Auto Completion and Inline Help for Logo files in SublimeText

A SublimeText package that adds syntax highlighting, auto completion and inline help for Logo files.

## Installation

Download the Logo directory and place it in the Packages/User subdirectory (in SublimeText click on Preferences|Browse Packages...).

## Useful SublimeText Links
- [SublimeText - Syntax Definitions](http://www.sublimetext.com/docs/3/syntax.html)
- [SublimeText - Scope Naming](http://www.sublimetext.com/docs/3/scope_naming.html)
- [PackageDev - Syntax Definitions](https://github.com/SublimeText/PackageDev/wiki/Syntax-Definitions)
- [Syntax Development Tips/Advice](https://github.com/sublimehq/Packages/issues/757)

## Useful Logo Links
- Wikipedia [Logo (programming_language)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logo_(programming_language))
- Yahoo! [LOGOFORUM](https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/LOGOFORUM/info) newsgroup
- StackOverflow [logo-lang](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/logo-lang) tagged questions
- [comp.lang.logo](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/comp.lang.logo) newsgroup
- [Logo Foundation](http://el.media.mit.edu/logo-foundation/index.html)
- Ian Bicking on [Logo](http://www.ianbicking.org/blog/2007/10/logo.html)
- [Introduction to Computer Programming](http://guyhaas.com/bfoit/itp/IntroCmds.html)

## Logo Implementations
- [Berkeley Logo (UCBLogo)](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~bh/logo.html)
- Online [Logo Interpreter](https://www.calormen.com/jslogo/)
- [papert―logo in your browser](http://logo.twentygototen.org/_REo_2F2)
- [LibreLogo](http://librelogo.org/en/) is the simple, localized, Logo-like programming environment of LibreOffice with turtle vector graphics for teaching of computing (programming and word processing), DTP and graphic design.
- [FMSLogo](http://fmslogo.sourceforge.net/)

<img src="demo_animation.png" hspace="1em" />

Commit message:

added inline help in Croatian

SublimeText/README.md, after:

# Syntax Highlighting, Auto Completion and Inline Help for Logo files in SublimeText

A SublimeText package that adds syntax highlighting, auto completion and inline help for Logo files. Inline help provided in English and Croatian. 

## Installation

Download the Logo directory and place it in the Packages/User subdirectory (in SublimeText click on Preferences|Browse Packages...). Then go into the Logo directory and copy either `Logo.sublime-completions_en` or `Logo.sublime-completions_en` into `Logo.sublime-completions` . This way you choose between English and Croatian inline help. The Croatian help has been Google translated and then programmatically corrected so align your expectation accordingly.  

## Useful SublimeText Links
- [SublimeText - Syntax Definitions](http://www.sublimetext.com/docs/3/syntax.html)
- [SublimeText - Scope Naming](http://www.sublimetext.com/docs/3/scope_naming.html)
- [PackageDev - Syntax Definitions](https://github.com/SublimeText/PackageDev/wiki/Syntax-Definitions)
- [Syntax Development Tips/Advice](https://github.com/sublimehq/Packages/issues/757)

## Useful Logo Links
- Wikipedia [Logo (programming_language)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logo_(programming_language))
- Yahoo! [LOGOFORUM](https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/LOGOFORUM/info) newsgroup
- StackOverflow [logo-lang](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/logo-lang) tagged questions
- [comp.lang.logo](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/comp.lang.logo) newsgroup
- [Logo Foundation](http://el.media.mit.edu/logo-foundation/index.html)
- Ian Bicking on [Logo](http://www.ianbicking.org/blog/2007/10/logo.html)
- [Introduction to Computer Programming](http://guyhaas.com/bfoit/itp/IntroCmds.html)

## Logo Implementations
- [Berkeley Logo (UCBLogo)](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~bh/logo.html)
- Online [Logo Interpreter](https://www.calormen.com/jslogo/)
- [papert―logo in your browser](http://logo.twentygototen.org/_REo_2F2)
- [LibreLogo](http://librelogo.org/en/) is the simple, localized, Logo-like programming environment of LibreOffice with turtle vector graphics for teaching of computing (programming and word processing), DTP and graphic design.
- [FMSLogo](http://fmslogo.sourceforge.net/)

<img src="demo_animation.png" hspace="1em" />
